hello guys send us over here again and
welcome to the Ender space mod for
minecraft 1.3 now this is a very simple
mod and basically it changes the sky of
the end and another now throughout this
whole video I'm gonna be showing a
before and after are the vanilla and the
mana version so you guys can have a feel
of each form of it so the first thing I
want to show here is that the end portal
the particles and everything like that
has been changed to make it look a
little cooler if you look carefully you
can see an in-depth area of where the
potential sky is going to be if you
can't really see the difference here
like I said I'm going to show the
vanilla part and then we're going to go
to the end right now so let's just jump
in here and as you see here when we go
to the end we have a very nice sky
instead of the current I believe right
now they changed it to purple but still
looks very very nice compared to the
other one now if I just dip down below
the surface and you'll actually just go
over here and you'll see a better view
of it now many of you are probably
saying well this is probably just a
modified texture pack and half of its
right and the other half is wrong
because the montt actually changes a few
things it changes the render global
position it changes the render of the
ender portal changes the render of the
hell which is the nether and the end
area so let's go to the nether which is
over here now I just spawned myself a
little portal just I could just jump
straight into the nether now as of right
now the nether background kind of looks
a little dirt and of course yeah this is
how it looks like and he could clearly
see the borders of the pitcher like I
said you can change this and I will
explain a little bit more in just a few
seconds and right now I'm spazzing out
but as you see there is a very
definitive box and I really don't like
it as of right now so let me just
quickly go back go back in here I don't
know why I always spawns me in lava
let's go so weird now initially it does
seem cool
but if you look at the very ceiling it
cuts it off so here let me just go to
where the portal is where is my portal I
know I had a portal here somewhere okay
oh there it is again
so as you see here also changes the
render to make it bright orange the
further you go and like I said I'm gonna
be showing up a four and after so right
now you probably you're probably seeing
the vanilla form and
does not render orange backgrounds like
this now as you see here the little
thing kind of gets cut off and of course
if I had it you know further out you'll
see like a box at the very top and it
just looks nasty
now I am going to be switching to a
custom texture pack now the first one I
want to show is a potential one that was
gonna do many of you actually haven't
really many of you probably some of you
will know where this mountain came from
if you know what game this comes from
then telling so as you see here it kind
of derps it and it goes sideways goes
whatever so it's very hard to choose a
very good picture for it and if I was
actually I think I could actually go to
the very top of the nether I wish I was
going faster
I wish zombies fly mod had no clip
enabled on one-point-three right now one
point three is very derpy when it comes
to flying and no clipping okay so we're
at the top here are the nether and as
you see here this is the custom picture
I did and like I just said many of you
problem that really many of you some of
you may know where this comes from if
you do and then leave in the comments
below but as you see here you have the
one facing forward you have it facing
sideways sideways backwards and then
weird like that
so if you're gonna change it make sure
you change it to something good now I'm
gonna flip to the last one which is a
very good texture pack that complements
this area and all I did was just change
the background to what it was initially
rendering to so this makes it like a
never-ending hell type fog for anywhere
in the nether and this is just a
suggestion to the mod maker you know
just to make it not so in-your-face with
the other part and if you want to see
the other one this is the original form
I'm gonna be showing you right about now
and as you see it's pretty pretty cut
off you can see the edges and it just
doesn't look as great as I was hoping so
hopefully he'll see this little
modification and add just a regular
background of red or orange and yeah
that's pretty much over this mod it just
changes the background of the end and
another and like I said changes the
render mechanics of the two areas to
make it a little bit he'll like or space
like space by the way guys I hope you
guys enjoy this mod review and if you do
be awesome you guys look like
and if you're new to my channel don't
forget click that subscribe button for
daily minecraft videos and more manga
reviews in the future
now if you'll want to download the mod
the forum threads could be in the
description below and of course go over
there and tell him that Seto sent you
I'm gonna try my best to get a hold of
the mod maker so he could change the
background another be the wait guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
other than that I'll talk to you guys
later bye